update: the KMP IDE plugin supported in IDEA 2025.2.2 for Windows (#524)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/development/multiplatform-plugin-releases.md

helps you develop cross-platform applications for Android, iOS, desktop, and web.
Make sure that you have the latest version of the plugin to work with Kotlin Multiplatform projects.

The plugin is compatible both with IntelliJ IDEA (starting with version 2025.1.1.1)
and Android Studio (starting with Narwhal 2025.1.1).

> To use the Kotlin Multiplatform plugin on Windows and Linux, you need IntelliJ IDEA 2025.2.2.

> > Android Studio will add support for the KMP IDE plugin on Windows and Linux in the coming months.

Reviewer: What do you think? The "upcoming release" is rather abstract but still provides a more hopeful and clear timeline.
```suggestion
> Android Studio will add support for the KMP IDE plugin on Windows and Linux in the upcoming release.
```
